docs(radio-button, overlay-menu): update example usage (#1185)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/radio-button.md

`checked-changed` is the **only** event fired by `ef-radio-button`. It is dispatched whenever the state has been changed by user interaction, such as a click, tap or keyboard event.

> 

Reviewer: Let's add another paragraph describing about adding a wrapper element so only one event listener is required. This links with our live example.

Author: Updated!

`checked-changed` is the **only** event fired by `ef-radio-button`. It is dispatched whenever the state has been changed by user interaction, such as a click, tap or keyboard event.

> To use the `checked-changed` event to capture the change in the checked value of multiple radio buttons in a group at once, we suggest capturing the event at the wrapper element of radio buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, apps would listen to `checked-changed` event of multiple radio buttons in a group. This could be done 
 by listening to the event at the wrapper element of radio buttons with `{ capture: true}`.
```

`checked-changed` is the **only** event fired by `ef-radio-button`. It is dispatched whenever the state has been changed by user interaction, such as a click, tap or keyboard event.

Usually, apps would listen to `checked-changed` event of multiple radio buttons in a group. This could be done 

>  by listening to the event at the wrapper element of radio buttons with `{ capture: true}`.

Reviewer: Unnecessary new line.

Author: Updated!
